Knowing.

[Hook:]:
Brothers on the block knowing (from this point on it only gets
Rougher)
Sisters at the crib knowing (from this point on it only gets
Rougher)
Preachers at the church knowing, we still get by (from this
Point on it only gets rougher)
Teachers at the school knowing (from this point on it only gets
Rougher)
Ladies on the block knowing (from this point on it only gets
Rougher)
Junkies on the corner knowing, but still get high (from this
Point on it only gets rougher)

Verse 1:
Well here? S a formal introduction
Something to make you ponder
The situation? S ugly, like? In Living Color? S Wanda (word up!)
Well everybody play dumb, but there? S some that succumb
And fall victim, I will overcome any hurdle or obstacle that? S
In my path
Fast cash should be the last resort so make it last for the risk
You took
Trick, you shook your ass for some hundred dollar heels and a
Designer bag
Now that? S ass backwards
All you got in the refrigerator is bratwurst
Your stomach is balled in a knot, you got that phat purse
Pocketbook, stop and look, pockets look void
Destroyed by the need to indulge and enjoy the finer thing in
Life right?
Your dignity, your only sacrifice, slim as your chances of being
Somebody? S wife
They seeing ya but, booty naked every  night, ain? T  nothing
Right or wrong.
[Hook:]

Verse 2:
Even though things started falling apart
Wanda went and bought a Honda
Now she? S out of a job, she would slob on a knob
For a little les than a yard, a massage you could drill her like
A sarge
She would charge and rob
Pick trough yo? Pockets
She got the tricks watch and the silver locket
That he bought for his wife but Wanda left her license
On the night stand fuckin? With this white man
She met in a little red Corvette paid for s**
Made a deal that she would never forget you can bet
Every action has a positive and equal reaction
Therefore everything that goes around comes around in that
Fashion
Fast and furiously, there was a knock on the sliding glass door
(bitch, it? S me!)
You thought you was slick the way you hit me for that lick
But you slipped now I? M getting in your shit!!!!!!

[Hook:]
