Now get the fuck up off me nigga..
As I, struggle to keep my balance and composure

[Big Boi]
The lyrical roller coaster, mind-bender
I'm 'posed ta, propose a toast to players on every coast-a
'Stead of watchin these sucker mc's
Don't be patient, get up and stand up for your life
Don't you agree or understand we lost some rights at 1-1-9?
I'm seein just how they lyin to the general population
Come dumb, come young, come blind unwind confined
To the situation, we facin, cause in time, tick tick boom

[singers]
Tick, boom.. Tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. Tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. Tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. Tick, tick-boom

[scratched: "You're gonna die here" - 2X]
[explosion forward and reversed]

[Big Boi]
When will we all, awake up out this dream
Man actin as if he was the supreme bein
Come here and smell the Folgers, the soldiers are human beings
Clockin the souls of men out like he was G-O-D and
And horror will follow the hollow hearts battle for dollars
W-A-Rrah, there'll be no tomorrow but sorrow
Politicians, modern day magicians
Who makin us ill, they makin us kill
Physicians of death, more health care for poor health
That's makin me spill my guts (chill Big, lay in the cut)
For what? I refuse to sit in the backseat and get handled
Like I do nuttin all day but sit around watch the Cartoon Channel
I rap about, the Presidential election and the scandal
That followed, and we all watched the nation, as it swallowed
And chalked it up, basically America you got fucked
The media shucked and jived now we stuck - damn!

[scratched: "You're gonna die here" - 2X]
[singing - "can't be heard clearly"]

[Big Boi]
Operation Anaconda - ask yourself
And why in the fuck did Daniel Pearl have to pay the price
Was it full of bleeps and blunders, did they ever find Osama?
See Al-Amin got life and Fred got dead, Hampton
For his life and his wife plead twice?
To dampen the dream of all the Panthers
They got they answer for ransom
As we read together, as we dream together
Count your blessings whenever you feel that things won't be no better
But it got to, you gave me this microphone so I must rock you
Your brainwaves, airwaves, energized and shocked you
Y'all got me, well I got y'all, long as I know y'all listenin
I'ma always bring food for thought to the table in the kitchen
Now eat nigga!
