Yo Stella, if you think I'm afraid of you
Grace, if you so much as think I can't do the do
Girl, if you dream I came to jerk around
You better wake up and release it

Party people in the crib get hyped.
Let's get this party funking right, come on, yeah, come on
Release it, listen 2 me now, release it yeah.
Come, come, come on, release it

Who's crib is this? My crib.
Who's wine you drinking? Mine.
Who asked your ugly ass what time it was? Nobody.
Cuz we doing fine.
Take it all off. Bass. I need the funk in my face
I can't stand tight asses in my place
Let's get hyped y'all. Release it.

(yeah) release it.
(yeah) what time it is? Band.
It's time to get sleazy up in here
Mary Sweet Mother Jesus
Fuck that talk Morris

Oh stella, I know you came alone
'cause ain't just any man qualified 2 take you home
Me? No I'm not a man. Jerome? He's an adventure.
Oh! Somebody slap me.
I don't know. Party people in the crib get hyped. (yeah)
Party people in the crib get hyped. (yeah)
Release it. Yes.
(yeah) Release it. (yeah)

Jerome? Yo.
When this solo's through, Jerome? Morris?
Find me a stella to rap 2. Yes. (yeah) (yeah)

Who's beat is this? My beat.
Who's horns are these blowing? Mine.
Who asked your dumb ass how to catch a groove? Nobody.
Cuz we doing the do. Jerome. Yes?
Who's Stella is this? My stella.
Who's Stella is this? My stella.
Then what's she doing over here with me? Umm.
Then what's she doing over here with me? Umm.
Who told you that women like men with no money?
Release it, boy. Go on stella, dance.
Say man, back up, give me some room.
Dance, shake it like a peckerwood.
Release it.

Over and over and over and over and over and over
Your girlfriends told you that I'm the rover
But I'm here to scold ya that if you live alone
Then we can bone. Give me a number 2 phone. You groan.
And I am so, if you say no, instead of crying, I'll keep trying,
Until you're dying to have me 4 your own.
So peep stella, peep stella,
If you think that I'm afraid of you, (do it md)
If you think that I'm afraid of you, (rap 2 her)
If you think that I can't do the do (yeah papa)
If you think that I can't do the do
If you think I came 2 jerk around (don't say it)
You better wake up stella, (wake up) this is my town

Release it. Man, let them drums kick.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Let's do it. Yo. Release it. (yeah)
Motherfucker, get your ass out of my way
(yeah) (yeah) Release it. (yeah) (yeah). Release it. (yeah) (yeah) Release it
