Alright cut! Fade 2 black
Now bring it up and let me kick the facts
And I'm gonna do ya like you wanna...
I'm gonna do ya like you wanna...
I'm gonna do ya like you wanna be done
Continental
Continental

This is the continental
This is the main thing

I can see you dancin' 4 a pack of wolves
I can see them fighting 4 a chance to pull
But they ain't got a shot (shot)
Because the way 2 make you hot
Is 2 let you do your own thing
Instead of tryin 2 make you stop

Go on ahead my dear and dance
This is the new romance
Whatever you want 2 do,
I'll make it happen fast

I am the Continental
I am the main thing
Whatever come 4 and after me is yin yang
Why settle 4 a star when you can have the sun?
C'mon let me do you like you want 2 be done

Alright cut. Dissolve 2 a purple floor
You and me a starring in a movie called "Amour"
3 quarters in a glass, I see you smile and ask
If I flip 'em on my stomach will you marry my ass?
I'd be like "Yeah man"
Cuz I want the main thing (continental)
Whatever come 4 and after that is yin yang (yin yang)
Why settle 4 a star when you can have the sun?
C'mon let me do ya like you want 2 be done

C'mon let me do ya like you want 2 be done
C'mon let me show you how a boy and girl supposed 2 have fun
Hand 2 hand (hand 2 hand)
One 2 one (one 2 one)
Let me do ya, do ya, do ya like ya, like you wanna be done

Con-con-continental

I wanna kiss you, baby yeah I want your lips
I wanna kiss you like - you know, like you know wanna be kissed
All tongue yeah that's right, I want all your germs
I can be heck-a-teacher if you wanna learn

Cuz, I am the continental
I am the main thing
Whatever come 4 and after me is yin yang
Why settle 4 a star when you can have the sun?
C'mon let me do ya like you wanna be done

Con-con-continental

Baby, how you wanna how you wanna be done
Just say the word and we can start from number 1
And go the distance baby, until you tell me stop
I'll lose myself inside you till you get all I got
Talk 2 me baby, tell me how you wanna be done

(yeah)
How you wanna be done?
Shall I go in a circle like the merry-go-round
That you and your girlfriends used 2 ride all up and down
Talk 2 me baby, (talk 2 me baby)
Tell me how you wanna be done (how you wanna be done)
Shall I write the alphabet, (A-B-C-D-E-F-G)
Or shall I just write my name
You tell me, u're the ruler in this telephone game

I could be a slave (oh yeah) (slave)
When it comes down 2 you
I'll do any and everything you want me 2 do
You know why? (why?)
Cuz I want you 2 have fun
So how you wanna be done? (how you wanna be done?)
Baby, how you wanna how you wanna be done
Just say the word and we can start from number 1
And go the distance baby, until you tell me stop
I'll lose myself inside you till you get all I got
Talk 2 me baby, tell me how you wanna be done

I want you to imagine u're making angels
Angels in the snow
And kiss a hundred revolutions nice n' slow
Then I see you on the beat and do a def strip tease
No, no leave the Chanel around your neck
Please baby please
Now do something I've never seen before (how you wanna, how you wanna be
Crawl over 2 me on your stomach done)
More baby more
Now pull me down on top of you
And grind really fast (tell me how you wanna be done)
Take both hands with all your might
And squeeze my... Yeah
Roll me over 'til u're back on top
Then I want you 2 kiss me until I make you stop
That's how, that's how I wanna be done (tell me how you wanna be done)
