Contradiction, my prediction is that...
Is it really important where I take my naps? (no)
Or who I sleep with? people with a real mind
Will peep this out, (yo, out)
Oops, then there goes your clout
Another fool don't know what she's talkin about
Like the woman who tried 2 approach and
Attempt 2 roast and even boast about (what)
How she know me when. damn, here we go again (what he say? )
U never went 2 school as far as I know
And now ure tryin 2 say that ure writing a bio about me? (kick their ass)
Girl - I hate 2 say this - nigga please (tell em)
I go places that u never go
Ask what Im kickin, Im kickin the flow
Rock 2 the f.l.o.w. (wait a minute) (minneapolis, minneapolis)
Just like ure supposed 2 do (minneapolis, minneapolis)
Rock 2 the f.l.o.w. (wait a minute) (don't kill me please)

No, no, I aint gonna kill u man (just like ure supposed 2 do)
Tony, shoot that piece of shit...

Just give me the beat and something 2 flow on
And before long I have em bobbin their jugheads
2 this funky song
Yeah, were watching people scatter 2 the dance floor
Slammin and shakin their booties
Screamin yo t, give me more (more)
So more is what I give em
Npg rockin the track
Yo tell me how were livin (livin large, t)
U damn right, that's how it be (I see)
Gotta keep it that way
So that 5-0 can't find me and Im sneakin
Up the back of a pack of rats
They thought I was asleep, but Im sayin
It aint all that (no!)
Not with a 9 fadin my back
I don't hang with the hat pack (bang!)
Im runnin silent - solo black
Sleek neat creepin gangk peepin
Known 2 put a damn fool 2 sleep
Who pulls a cheap one (whatcha do? )
That's when I change my speed
And flow on then I start
Slippin and skippin and jumpin around
So much I say bring it on

Rock 2 the f.l.o.w. (wait a minute) (minneapolis, minneapolis)
Just like ure supposed 2 do (mpls, mpls) (2 many neighbors)
Rock 2 the f.l.o.w. (wait a minute) (minneapolis, minneapolis)
Just like ure supposed 2 do (...speak english...)

(to the bridge)

(2 many neighbors)
(2 many neighbors)
(2 many neighbors)
(ladies and gentleman)
(ladies and gentleman)
Rock 2 the f.l.o.w.
Just like ure supposed 2 do
(ladies and gentleman)
Rock 2 the f.l.o.w.
Just like ure supposed 2 do
Rock, rock, rock, rock
