You know, when you say your marriage vows, they're supposed to be for real. I mean
if you think back about what you really said, what it's all about, honor, loving and
obeying till death do us part and all. But it shouldn't be that way, it should it
should, it should be lies because it turns out to be lies. If you don't honor what
you said, you lie to God. The words should be changed

Ooo now as I recall, we tried a million times
Again and again and again, and that isn't all
I gave my love to you each time to make amends
Suddenly I start to realize I can't make it
Pretty birds fly away, I had to leave you for my health's sake
What to do? Make you pay, for leaving you, my fine, is to pay forever
So if a fresh new love comes in, I won't say those words again
Instead I'll say I'll try to love and protect you
With all my heart as long as you want me to baby

Ooo if I love again I'm gonna try a new way this time
Memories of the things we did; some we're proud of, some we hid
So when two people have to part, sometimes it makes them stronger
Do you remember all of the fights we had?
You say you love me with all your heart
If you ever loved me will all of your heart
You'd never take $1 million to part
I really tried, you know I tried, oh baby
Although we tried, all of those promises was nothin' but lies
I really tried, you know how I tried, we really lied, didn't we baby?
And on top of that you have scared the life, my name
But I can't understand, 'cause if you love me
How could you turn me into nothin' least
Didn't I love you good and try to take care of you?
Best I could, you were so inviting and your love was like mellow wine
Pains of love, miles of tears, after lasting for my lifetime
Broken hearts last for years and break away to the blue-day sunshine
One thing I can promise, friend: I'll never be back again
But we're not really bitter babe
I promise you all the love in the world, good love in the world
But I know you'll never be satisfied just to have me by your side
Memories haunt you all the time, I will never leave, you're mine
God judged me on His side; you've said bad things and you've lied
Still I remember some of the good things baby
Of love after dark and picnics in parks
Those are the days I'd love to get in my life
I'd rather remember, remember the joy we shared babe
I'd rather remember all the fun we had
All I ever really wanted was to love you and treat you right
All we did was fuss and fight
It don't matter baby, take a lesson from them all
I never thought I'd see the day when you'd put me through what you put me 
through
You try your best, you say I gave you no rest

When did you stop loving me? When did I stop loving you?
When did you stop loving me? When did I stop loving you?
When did you stop loving me? When did I stop loving you?
When did you stop loving me? When did I stop loving you?
