Somebody once told me
The world is gonna roll me,
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed.
She was lookin' kinda dumb
With her finger and her thumb
In the shape of an L on her forehead...

Well the years start comin'
And they don't stop comin',
Back to the rules and I hit the ground runnin'.
Didn't make sense not to live for fun,
Your brain gets smart, but your head gets dumb.
So much to do so much to see,
So what's wrong with takin' the back streets.
You'll never know if you don't go,
You'll never shine if you don't glow...

Hey now, you're an allstar,
Get your game on go play.
Hey now you're a rock star get your show on,
Get paid. (all that glitters is gold)
Only shooting stars break the mold.

It's a cool place
And they say it gets colder,
You're bundled up now, wait till' ya get older.
But the media men beg the differ'
Judging by the hole in the satellite picture.
The ice we skate is gettin' pretty thin,
The waters' gettin' warm
So you might as well swim.
My world's on fire, how 'bout yours?
That's the way I like it cause I'll never get bored...

Hey now, you're an allstar,
Get your game on go play.
Hey now your a rock star get your show on,
Get paid. (all that glitters is gold)
Only shooting stars break the mold.

Go for the moon... Go for the moon... Go for the moon

Hey now, you're an allstar,
Get your game on go play.
Hey now you're a rock star get your show on,
Get paid. (all that glitters is gold)
Only shooting stars...

Somebody once asked could I spare some change for gas
I need to get myself away from this place.
I said yep, whatta' concept,
I could use a little fuel myself
And we could all use a little change...

Well! The years start comin'
And they don't stop comin'.
Back to the rules and I hit the ground runnin',
It didn't make sense not to live for fun,
Your brain gets smart, but your head gets dumb,
So much to do,
So much to see,
So what's wrong with takin' the back streets?
You'll never know if you don't go (Go!),
You'll never shine if you don't glow...

Hey now you're an allstar
Get your game on, go play
Hey now you're a rock star,
Get your show on get paid (and all that glitters is gold)
Only shooting stars break the mold

(And all that glitter is gold)
Only shooting stars break the mold...
