Hide in your shell cos the world is out to bleed you for a ride
What will you gain, making your life a little longer?
Heaven or Hell, was the journey cold that gave you eyes of steel?
Shelter behind, painting your mind and playing joker
Too frightening to listen to a stranger
Too beautiful to put your pride in danger
You're waiting for someone to understand you
But you've got demons in your closet (You've got demons in your closet)
And you're screaming out to stop it (And you're screaming out to stop it)
Saying life's begun to cheat you
Friends are out to beat you
Grab on to what you can scramble for
Don't let the tears linger on inside now
Cos it's sure time you gained control
If I can help you, if I can help you
If I can help you, just let me know
Well let me show you the nearest signpost
To get your heart back and on the road
If I can help you, if I can help you
If I can help you, just let me know

All through the night as you lie awake and hold yourself so tight
What do you need, a second-hand-movie-star to tend you?
I, as a boy, I believed the saying the cure for pain was love
How would it be if you could see the world through my eyes?
Too frightening, the fire's getting colder
Too beautiful to think you're getting older
You're looking for someone to give an answer
But what you see is just illusion (What you see is just illusion)
You're surrounded by confusion (You're surrounded by confusion)
Saying, life's begun to cheat you
Friends are out to beat you
Grab on to what you can scramble for
Don't let the tears linger on inside now
Cos it's sure time you gained control
If I can help you, if I can help you
If I can help you, just let me know
Well let me show you the nearest signpost
To get your heart back and on the road
If I can help you, if I can help you
If I can help you, just let me know
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know, I've got to know
I wanna know you, I wanna know you, well let me know you
I wanna feel you, I wanna touch you, please let me near you, let me near you
Can you hear what I'm saying?
Well I'm hoping, I'm dreamin', I'm prayin'
I know what you're thinkin'
See what you're seein'
Never ever let yourself go
Hold yourself down, hold yourself down
Why d'ya hold yourself down?
Why don't you listen, you can trust me
(So what, you're gonna take it to?) There's a place I know the way to
(So what, you're gonna make it do?) A place there is need (So what's he gonna...) to feel you (So what's he gonna...)
Feel that you're all alone (So what's he gonna do?)
Oh won't you hear me (So what, you're gonna take it to?)
I know exactly what you're feelin' (So what, you're gonna make it do?)
Cos all your troubles are within you (So what's he gonna...)
So begin to (So what's he gonna...) see that I'm just bleeding to (So what's he gonna do?)
Love me, love you (So what, you're gonna take it to?)
Loving is the way to help me, help you (So what, you're gonna make it do?)
Why must we be so cool (So what's he gonna...), oh so cool? (So what's he gonna...)
Oh, we're such damn fools (So what's he gonna do?)
(So what, you're gonna take it to?) (So what, you're gonna make it do?)
(So what's he gonna...) (So what's he gonna...) (So what's he gonna do?)
