New power, new power, give it 2 me
Oh, it need some bottom in here, lay it on me
New, yeah
Hey now, hey now

Everybody on the block say it is the best
The most vital is what they say - more or less
It put my name upon my thigh
It make me dance, it make me cry
And when I touch it, racecars burn rubber in my pants (Oh)

This feeling's so good in every single way
I want it morning, noon and night of every day
And if by chance I cannot have it - I can't say
But with it I know heaven's just a kiss away, kiss away

Dig me now
Anyone that's ever touched it, huh, they don't want nothing else
No they don't
And I got 2 tell the world, I just can't keep it 2 myself (No)
All in life becomes easier
No question is unresolved and I'm not afraid now
Come on and touch it, I know you will love it
With it I know heaven's a butterfly kiss away

This feeling's so good in every single way
I want it morning, noon and night of every day (And if by chance)
And if by chance I cannot have it - I can't say
With it I know heaven is a just a kiss away, kiss away (Yeah)
Lovesexy

No! Yeah! Yeah!
Did you feel that? (Lovesexy)
Love? loves?

Rain is wet, sugar is sweet
Clap your hands, stomp your feet (Lovesexy)
Everybody, everybody know
When love call, you got 2 go
(Yeah! Alright!)

Lovesexy

(Alright)
2night we make love with only words
Girls first, girls first

Ok, so like first
I will start by telling you how smart and intelligent a curve your behind has
And then I can tell you that I can just smell you
And racecars burn rubber in my pants
But I really dig trippin' on the thought of being caught
By somebody with your beauty, style and grace
Baby, I don't care
I would rip out my hair 4 just 2 nights with your face (Lovesexy)
I don't wanna make love 2 you
I just wanna look at you
I just wanna listen 2 you, uh, uh

Oh, pretty little whip, you got me drippin'
Drippin' all over the floor, the floor
If I come back as a woman
I want a body like yours, a body like yours
Living rooms?
I think, I think you would
I think you wanna play house
Yeah, I think you wanna play house (Lovesexy)
You don't mind
I think you? uh
I think you want me 2 f? {beep} inside of you
Yea, yeah, I... (Lovesexy)
You want me 2 sit around your living room, ha ha
Yeah, you... You want me 2 walk right down your halls
Mm hmm (Lovesexy)
You want me 2 swivel in your love seat
D-don't you, baby?
You want me 2 write my name on your walls
You want me 2 write my name on? (Lovesexy)

We make love with only words
I'll make love 2 you? 2morrow
Sweet dreams
