My Grandfathers Clock. By Johnny Cash

(Spoken) Way down south, down a long dusty road, There's an old ramshakle house
That nobody lives in anymore.
And if you walk down the hall and look, you'll see an old Grandfathers Clock
That don't run anymore. It's silent now, and it's covered up with spider webs.
That was my Grandfathers Clock. And this song is the story of that clock.

(Sung) My Grandfathers Clock, was too large for the shelf, so it stood ninety
Years on the floor. It was taller by half, than the old man himself,
Tho' it weighed not a penny-weight more.

It was bought on the morn Of the day
That he was born. And was always his treasure and pride,
But it stopped, Short. Never to go again, when the old man, died.
And my Grandfather said, that, of those he could hire, not a
Servant so faithful, he found. For it wasted no time, and it had but one desire
At the close of each week, to be wound. And it kept in it's place.
Not a frown upon it's face. And it's hands never hung by it side,
But it stopped, Short, never to go again. When the old man died.

Ninty years without slumbering. (Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock.)
His life seconds numbering. (Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock.)
It stopped. Short, never to go again, when the old man, died.

Well, it rang an alarm, in the still of the night, An alarm, that
For years had been dumb. And we knew that his Spirit, was pluming for
Flight, That his hour for departure had come. Still the clock
Kept the time, with a soft and muffled chime. As we silently stood
By his side.
But it stopped short, never to go again. When the old man, died.

Ninty years without slumbering. (Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock.)
His life seconds numbering. (Tic-Tock, Tic-Tock.)
It stopped. Short, never to go again, when the old man, died.

(Spoken) And I've been thinking, that someday, I'm going down
To my Grampa's old house. And I'm gonna get that old clock.
And I'm gonna shine it up. And I'm gonna oil it up good.
And get it fixed up pretty. And it'll keep time for me.
Just like it did for my Grampa.
