In a dark horse town, in the middle of the west
Where friday takes so long to arrive
Johnny wakes up dreaming turns on the radio
The he jumps up plays his guitar in the mirror
Starts his day with a rock and roll pose
Tonight's the night that susie and he
Are going to a rock and roll show

Tonight! I'm gonna see some rock and roll!
Yeah, my favorite group is playing!
Tonight! I'm gonna see some rock and roll!

Well it's showtime and he's caught up in the crowd
He hates the crush but he loves the music loud
He reaches out and susie's disappeared,
Now johnny's standing on a corner after the show
Looking for his susie dear
But there goes his susie - in the band's limousine!
Yeah, well that's the way it goes at these rock and roll shows

That's the way it goes - it's rock and roll
That's the way it goes - it's rock and roll

Now susie's gone, and johnny hears the thunder
As he rolls another number and he counts
He counts the times he's felt himself to be the hero
'cause ever since he was a boy
He's heard about adventure
As he looks into the mirror now he knows
He must be the star and play guitar like thunder
Find susie at his rock and roll show

Boy, if I only had a good guitar and a big amp
Boy, it wouldn't be somebody else taking my girl away... Tell ya
I know what I should do... I'll put an ad in the paper
Get a few other guys who want to play as much as I do
Tell ya, I ain't playin' no surf music
I'm gonna play some heavy music
I'm gonna play bad
I'm gonna play loud
I know just what I want it to sound like
It's gonna sound like...
It's gonna sound like...

This is don kirshner
And tonight on don kirshner's rock concert
A new phenomenon in the music world
With six million albums to his credit in just two short years
My good friend, here's johnny!

Now johnny became a legend in his time
Found it easier to live in pain
Half a hero in a hard-hearted game
Now it's showtime and he's caught up in the flow
He hates the rush but he needs the music so
Still he reaches out but susie's disappeared
Well that's the way it goes at these rock and roll shows

It's rock and roll
That's the way it goes - it's rock and roll
