Said one, said, two, said three.

Darling, I love you very, very, very much,
And I really am relying on your touch.
But with all these people listening in,
I don't know where I ought to begin.

Baby, we could hit upon a word,
Something that the others haven't heard,
When you want me to love you,
Just tell me to press.
Right there, that's it, yes,
Ah, when you feel the stress don't just stand there,
Tell me to press. (press, press, tell me to press, tell me to press)

You can give me what I want, I must confess,
My body needs attention, my mind is in a mess,
Oklahoma was never like this.
Never like this, it was never like this,
Ever like this, say was it ever like this?
Oklahoma was never like this.
Oh, it was never like this.

Darling, I know it really wouldn't be a crime,
If I say I want to love you all the time, mm-mm.
But with all these people listening in,
I don't know where I ought to begin.

A-maybe we should have a secret code,
Before we both get ready to explode.
When you want me to love you,
Well, just tell me to press. (tell me to press, tell me to press)
Right there, that's it, yes,
When you feel the stress don't just stand there,
Tell me to press? (won't you tell me to press? Tell me to press)

My mind's in a mess.
Oklahoma was never like this.
Ah, yeah.
Ooh -

Tell me to press? (never like this)
Right there, (never like this, never like this)
When you feel the stress. (oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oh, come on now, (never like this)
Won't you tell me to press? (never like this)
Will you tell me to press? (never like this)
Oh, right there, (never like this)
That's it, yes, (oh, oh, oh, oh)
Yeah, yeah, (never like this)
Won't you tell me to press, press, press, press,
Press, press, press, press......

Won't you just tell me to press?
Oh, I feel so good,
Like you know I should. (never like this)
You tell me to press, yeah, (never like this, never like this)
A little bit harder, (never like this)
Oh, that's right! (oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oh, when you feel the stress, (never like this)
Come on, baby, now press, (never like this)
A little bit harder, (never like this)
A little bit harder, yeah, (never like this)
It's a little bit finer,
Ah, come on now, (never like this)
Won't you tell me to press? (never like this)
Yes, right there. (never like this)
That's it, (never like this)
That's it, (never like this)
When you feel the stress, (never like this)
Won't you tell me to press? (never like this, never like this)
