Good morning.
Or good afternoon.
Good night.

What's that you're doing?
Girl, I like what you do to me.
What's that you're doing?
Cause it makes no kind of sense to me.

You can make me feel so proud,
You can make me holler ow!
Girl, you make me want to dance and sing.
My mind is blown and you're the blame,
I say it's sunnin' when it's rain,
I jump by leaps and bounds, just call my name, uh.

What's that you're saying?
Girl, I like the way you talk to me.
What's that you're saying?
Even if it's wrong, girl, I do agree.

Girl, you make me feel so small,
Though I might stand six feet tall.
What you've got cuts me right down to size.
I'll be the last, you'll be the first,
I'll do my best to quench your thirst,
I'm the lucky one who keeps the prize.

Girl, I like what you're doing, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Baby, do it some more, mm. (baby, do it some more)
Girl, I like what you're doing, uh, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Baby, do it some more.
'Cause I like what you're doin' to me, doin' to me,
Now, do it some more.
I know I like what you're doin' to me, baby,
And do it to me, do it to me, do it some more.

- "did you know that I'm appreciating what you're doing to me?"
- "yeh."
- "you knew that?"

What's that you're doing?
Girl, I like what you do to me, ooh.
What's that you're doing?
'Cause it makes no kind of sense to me.

You can fill my appetite,
Without me taking up a bite,
Never knew that love could fill you up.
You're much too good for me to pass,
I'm for the taking, you just ask,
We can make it stick with love and luck.

Girl, I like what you're doing, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Baby, do it some more, (baby, do it some more)
Girl, I like what you're doing, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Come on. Baby, do it some more.
Do it to me, do it to me, now, do it some more.
You know I like what you're doin', mm, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Baby, do it some more, yeah, some more. Now, do it some more.

- "what's that you're doing?"

What's that I'm feeling?
That sensation's such a mystery.
I know that it's thrilling me,
And I hope this feeling last eternally.

Girl, you make me scream and shout,
Tell me what it's all about,
You make me give in without a fight, yeh, yeh.
I don't have no words to say,
You can fill it anyway,
And anything you do will turn out right, right, right.

Girl, I like what you're doing, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Come on, baby, do it some more, mm. (baby, do it some more)
Girl, I like what you're doing, (girl, I like what you're doing)
Baby, do it some more. (baby, do it some more)

She loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah,
We love you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Do it to me some more...
