Sh.. Shut up already, damn!

Tell me who in this house know about the quake? (We do)
I mean really, really
If you know how 2 rock say "Yeah" (Yeah)
If you know how 2 party say "Oh yeah" (Oh yeah)
But if you ain't hip 2 the rare housequake... Shut up already, damn!

Housequake - Everybody jump up and down
Housequake - There's a brand new groove goin' round (Housequake)
In your funky town (Housequake)
And the kick drum is the fault

You gotta rock this mother, say (Housequake) ... Uh
We gotta rock this mother, say (Housequake) ... Uh, uh

We're gonna show you what 2 do
You put your foot down on the 2
You jump up on the 1
Now U're havin' fun
Huh, U're doin'... The housequake
Hey

Question - Does anybody know about the quake? (Yeah!)
Bullshit!
You can't get off until you make the house shake
Now everybody clap your hands, come on
Let's jam y'all (Let's jam!)
Don't wait 4 your neighbor
Green eggs and ham
Doin' the housequake

There's a brand new groove goin' round
In your city, in your town
Housequake - And the kick drum is the fault

Housequake (Housequake)
Housequake - you gotta rock this mother (you gotta rock this mother)
Housequake
Housequake - you gotta rock this mother down, come on
Housequake {x2}

Now that you got it, let's do the twist
A little bit harder than they did in '66
A little bit faster than they did in '67
Twist little sister and go 2 heaven
Come on y'all, we got 2 jam before the police come
A groove this funky is on the run
Hey!

Shake your body 'til your neighbors stare at cha!
(Quake) {x6}

Housequake - Everybody, everybody jump up and down
Housequake - There's a brand new groove (groove) that's goin' round
Housequake - In this city, in this funky town
Housequake - And the saxophone is the fault, check it out

If you can't rock steady, shut up already
Damn, you got 2 get off if you know what I'm talking about
On the 1 y'all say "Housequake"
Top of your body, let me hear you shout, say
(Housequake) My Lord!
(Housequake) My Lord!
(Housequake) Bullshit, louder, say it!
(Housequake) Ooh-wee

Shock-a-lock-a boom!
What was that? Aftershock!
Everybody, everybody you gotta rock, you gotta rock, come on

We're gonna shake, we're gonna quake
Cuz we got the baddest groove that we could make
We on the 2, y'all, the drummer's gonna tap
We gonna sing it and rock this mother 2 the max
And that's a fact
Housequake - Come on, say it (Housequake)
Come on, you can't follow it
We got the baddest jam in the land
Everybody shut up, listen 2 the band

Housequake

Shut up already, damn!
