[Intro]
I was makin Japanese and shes watchin DVDs
In Oakland... In Oakland...
Now Im drivin up the 5 and she waits til I arrive
In Oakland... In Oakland...

[Verse 1]
Everything that I wanted, only gotta drive for the moment
If you tell me turn around then Im on it, for the moment
But you know me...
You know how I get when Im lonely  I think about you in the mornings
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland...

[Hook]
Foot on the gas, Im just tryna pass
All the red lights and the stop signs
Im ready to go...
Before I get to the Bay, babe, thats a problem
Cause Im way too scared to call
And you might get me in stay mode

[Verse 3]
Id really love to drive, but I think Id rather die
In Oakland... In Oakland...
Will I end up doing things? Oh, I guess it all depends
On Oakland... On Oakland...
And Im nervous, truth be told, I never saw me growin old
In Oakland... In Oakland...
And if I buried you tonight, it would probably start a riot
In Oakland... In Oakland...

[Verse 4]
Everything that I needed, now that Ive got you and your feelings
Everything you wanna say, you tweet it
And I nigga dont like that shit at all...
So treated  can we just roll with the feeling?
Can we just roll for a minute? Wait a minute...

[Hook 2]
Foot on the gas, Im just tryna pass
All the red lights and the stop signs
Im ready to go...
But Im really not ready, girl, thats a problem
Cause Im way too scared to fall
And I know youd choose to stay, now...

[Verse 5]
All the girlfriends sayin here we go again
Rich kid, but he act like a gentleman
Last one didnt end like it shouldve been
Tour dates and he still wanna get it in
And they sayin its because of the internet
Try it once, and its on to the next chick
X or the O face on your exes? Right?
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have at it
When your thoughts cant breathe and youre thinkin asthmatic
And you wanna be a mom, and I wasnt mad at it
I was thinkin bout me, I be really bad at it
Cause Im thinkin bout me, weeks in Dubai
Fourth of July, house in Kuwai
Yeah, we could try...
So lets try...

[Verse 6]
I took off my 9-5, but you still dont have the time to kiss me?
Just hit me...
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone?
Its iffy... you miss me?
Ive got furniture to move, and well both be 30 soon
In Oakland... In Oakland...
The only one I know is you, so what the fuck Im supposed to do?
In Oakland... In Oakland...

[Outro]
In Oakland... In Oakland...
In Oakland... In Oakland...
In Oakland... In Oakland...
