[All Spoken, Except When Noted Otherwise]
What a skeletal wreck of a man this is
Translucent flesh and feeble bones
The kind of temple where the whores and villians
Try to tempt the holistic tones
Running rampant with free thought to free form and the free and clear
And the matters at hand are shelled out like lint at a laundrymat to sift and focus on the bigger, better, now
We all have a little sin that needs venting, virtues for the rending and laws and systems and stems ripped from the branches of office do you know what your post entails?
Do you serve a purpose or purposely serve?
Wind down inside your atavistic allure, the value of a summer spent and a winter earned
For the rest of us there is always Sunday
The day of the week that reeks of rest but all we do is catch our breath so we can wade naked into the bloody pool and place our hand on the big black book
To watch the knives zigzag between our aching fingers
A vacation is a countdown
T minus your life and counting
Time to drag your tongue across the sugar cube and hope you get a taste
What the fuck is all this for? (*background* what the hell is going on?) shut up!
I could go on and on but let's move on shall we?
Say, you're me and I'm you and they all watch the things we do and like a smack of spite they threw me down the stairs haven't felt like this in years the great magnet of malicious magnanimous refuse
Let me go and punch me into the dead spot again
That's where you go when there's no one else around it's just you and there was never anyone to begin with now was there?
Sanctimonious pretentious dastardly bastards with their thumb on the pulse and a finger on the trigger
Classified my ass that's A fucking secret and you know it!
Government is another way to say better, than, you!
It's like ice but no pick a murder charge that won't stick it's like a whole other world where you can smell the food
But you can't touch the silverware
*Laughs* What luck!
Facism you can vote for
*Snorts* Isn't that sweet
And we're all gonna die someday 'cause that's the american way and I've drunk too much and said too little when you're gaffer-taped in the middle say a prayer save face get yourself together and (*sung in the background* see what's happening!) shut up! (*background* fuck you!) fuck you!
I'm sorry I could go on and on but it's time to move on so
Remember, you're a wreck an accident
Forget the freak you're just nature
Keep the gun oiled and the temple clean
Shit, snort and blaspheme let the heads cool and the engine run because in the end everything we do, is just everything we've done.
