Four walls and a cauldron of Kalashnikoving, and our home is a trigger that
I'm always pulling
At the border, at the, at the border I'm at the border, at the, at the
Border
The short spears and the weak eternal monologuing, and our war is the
Crucible of all your longing
At the border, at the, at the border I'm at the border, at the, at the
Border
I was there when the clamour got real I was there when your brow smashed
The wall
It's like a riot with only two perps, the more I'm here I'm making it worse
But does it feel like you're already dead? (Yes!) and do you feel like your
Brain stopped delivering?
Yeah break my finger shoot out my black eyes, What does it matter if
Everyone dies?
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone!

Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! Hi-O Silver away
So fast hence take an arrow from your quiver or were, past-tense - whats
A trilobite to anyone?
Im outta my depth, outta, outta my depth I'm outta my depth, outta, outta
My depth
My head reels and Im crawling down the corridor, I can't see, but Im
Heaving like a holocaust
I'm reaching my phone, reaching, reaching my phone I'm reaching my phone,
Reaching, reaching my phone
You wasnt there when I orphaned that boy, (No!) Your body was, and the
White of your rollin eye I saw some terrible things on that night, I done
A lot of bad things with my life

I put my fingers in thee, And I breeze past security!
Nobody checking on all of my deeds, I need a checker for all of my deeds...
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone!

Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone!

And we be trapped in the amber, last joy...
And Im looking at a holy ghost. But theres no silver bullet for a memory
I, field dress every moment but youre telling me that Tonto say;
Ive lost my way!
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone!
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! Hi-O silver away!
Mmm, and Im lost and Im drained... 'nuff genuflecting in a penitent way!
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! So yippee-kayay!
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! Hi-O silver away!
