Are you trying to put me on?  I turned around and it was gone.  Did I
Leaveit in your car?  On a table in a bar?  Or in your bed between the
Sheets?  The places where we used to meet.  Wherever love has gone I need
To know.  Cause she's a woman, Oh yeah, she's a woman.  Ma Ma Ma Ma Ma Ma
She'a a lady.  And I just love the way she moves, the way she moves, Watch
Her.  When you left I didn't know how I was goning to forget you.  I was
Hanging by a thread and then I met her.  Sellimg pictures of herself to
German business men.  Well, that's all she wants to do.  Come on, come on,
I don't want to try too hard.  I don't want to wait too long.  I don't want
To live alone with all this crap that pulls me down.  Oh, tell me now, how
Would it feel if I could touch you once again.  Where have you gone, where
Have you gone.  The moon has gone down on the sun, Oh yeah.  I know that
You're coming home.  You wouldn't leave me on my own.  Everybody can't you
See, she's coming back to me.  Whilst you were gone I got along.  I didn't
Die, I carried on & I went drinking every night just so  I could feel
Alright.  Stayed in bed all day to feel ok.  I felt ok.  Oh, I felt sick &
Tired, yes I did.  She lived at her father's place, played his recoreds
Though they jumped.  Wore her body back to front.  I tried to make it work,
Kissed her where she said it hurt but I was always underneath.  She's a
Woman... Etc.  I don't know why you pretend that it causes you pain, when
You know very well you're going to do it again.  You're going to do it
Again & again & again but can you keep it going all nite long?  I know it's
Going to happen.  It mightnot be today.  It might not be tomorrow or even
The day after but some time soon, you'll see, you're going to come back to
Me.  Whilst you were gone... Etc.  Whilst you were gone I got along.  I
Didn't die, I carried on.  Oh yeah I went with other women, what else can I
Say?  I guess I kind of missed you whilst you were away.  Whilst you were
Gone. (stop).
