Look at the average person,
Speak to the man in the street.
Can you imagine the first one you'd meet?
Doo-doo-doo-doo,
Doo-doo-doo, doo-oo-doo-doo.

Well, I'm talking to a former engine driver, (driver)
Trying to find out what he used to do.
Tells me that he always kept his engine (engine)
Spit and polished up, as good as new.
But he said his only great ambition
Was to work with lions in a zoo (oh, to work with lions in a zoo?)
Yes, dear, you heard right,
Told me his ambition was to work with lions ev'ry night

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na.

Look at the average person,
Speak to the man on the beat.
Can you imagine the first one you'd meet?
Doo-doo-doo-doo,
Doo-doo-doo, doo-oo-doo-doo.

Well, I met a woman working as a waitress, (waitress)
I asked exactly what it was she did.
Said she worked the summer crowd at seasides, (seasides)
Winter time she ran away and hid.
Once she had a hollywood audition
But the part was given to a kid. (yes, the part was given to a kid)
Yes, sir, you heard right,
Hollywood ambition made a starlet grown up overnight-ee.

Na-na-na-na-na-na,
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na.

Oo-oo-oo - oo-oo-oo -
Oo-oo - oo - oo-oo -

I know someone, an engine driver,
I know someone who'd been a boxer,
I know for sure, I know, I know, I know that they are super!

Well, I bumped into a man who'd been a boxer, (boxer)
Asked him what had been his greatest night.
He looked into the corners of his mem'ry, (mem'ry)
Searching for a picture of the fight.
But he said he always had a feeling
That he lacked a little extra height. (could have used a little extra height)
Yes, mate, you heard right,
He always had a feeling that he might have lacked a little height.

Na-na-na-na-na-na, - ee-
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na. Oh!

Uh, uh!

Look at the average person,
Speak to the man in the queue.
Can you imagine the first one is you?
Uh, uh, uh, uh.
Doo-doo-doo, doo-oo-doo-doo,
Doo-doo-doo, doo-oo-doo-doo,
Doo-doo-doo.

Look at the average person.
